Surface unautomated verification tests after review approval (#276) (#284)
aunger/gallery-button-for-pixel-camera: agents/dev_orchestration.md

    Relay `step "..." -> ...` and `FAIL [...] ...` lines to the user as informational test-result deltas; they do NOT end the loop or start a new Author round.
    if Monitor emits a Blocked line  → goto newAuthor
    if Monitor emits an Infra line   → escalate to user; stop

>     if Monitor emits a Clear line    → goto surfaceVerificationTests

Author: Move this one line down. Then the `surfaceVerificationTests`  subroutine can trivially be inlined, which should simplify the instructions overall.

    if Monitor times out (30 min)    → escalate to user; stop

  surfaceVerificationTests:
    // Step: Surface unautomated verification tests
    // Triggered after Reviewer approval AND CI clears (Monitor emits Clear).
    // Workflow: ask → plan → review → execute
    1. Scan the issue description, PR description, and all comments on both for
       verification steps, acceptance criteria, or manual test instructions that
       are NOT already covered by automated tests.

>     2. If none are found, exit this step → PR may be merged.

Author: ```suggestion
    2. If none are found → PR may be merged.
```

    3. Add the `verification needed` label to the PR and/or issue where
       outstanding steps were found.
    4. Show the user the list of outstanding unautomated verification steps

>        (via AskUserQuestion).

Author: Remove “via AskUserQuestion”

    5. Ask the user: "Do you want to run these tests manually, or have an agent
       plan automation for them?"

>     6. If the user chooses manual testing or no automation → exit this step; PR may be merged when manual testing is complete.

Author: ```suggestion
    6. If the user chooses manual testing or no automation → this automated orchestration is complete; PR may be merged when manual testing is complete.
```
